I want to make a trading app and I am telling you the details of what features we will keep in the trading app.The first feature will be our market. There will be two options in the market, Apps MCX and NSE. Whatever stocks will come in MCX. He will search the stock and after searching, he has to buy and sell the stock that came. Similarly, if we have to get it done in NSE, then all the other stocks which will be listed in NSE, we will get them phased through API. His live market rate and stock name will buy him.The condition of buying will be that if the price of a stock is bought at ₹ 200 and 200 and sells that 200 stock at 220, then the profit of 20 is being made and its quantity will be. 10 then 10, a little 20 then the profit of two governments is done. Now the charge for this buy and sell will be ₹ 60 for buying and ₹ 70 for selling.So we can flex the price of this buying and selling through the admin, we can reduce it as well as increase it. How will be our charge and we will show those charges in our portfolio.We held this stock in the user's portfolio. This much price was given, this much was sold. How much was your margin and how much was your profit, how much was your loss. We have to show all those calculations. The user will test it and then a profile will come after that. His details will be visible in the profile. We have to do the registration manually.
Service has to be done by entering name, address, mail id etc. and the admin through the admin. We will manage that user, not that user, but all the users in which the admin will have all the data. The user list will contain the complete trades, streams and trade history of the user. In this way and also there will be a raffle program.In this, if a user makes a referral, then the unique ID of that unique user will be created. How many referrals came from that unique ID and the referral's bonus will be whether we are giving him 10 or 100, 50 for one registration. He will have an amount that will be added to his wallet. Referral and to give a welcome bonus to the user who is getting registered. Whatever an amount of 50, if that particular amount is imposed on it, then it will be added to it. Ok and let's see the rest.